whoever said that EV is needed to be
econscious What If instead you embraced
electricity just to get more more torque
more weight more capabilities and more
children that you can't see right here
this right here is the Hummer EV and
holy frig I was thinking that we would
just hate on this but I I kind of love
it it's it's pretty great the first
thing you will notice about the Hummer
EV is that it is freaking massive this
thing is 5 1/2 M long 2.2 M wide and
just everything about it the scale is
insane the first time that I drove it
like you you know it's going to be large
just look at it but it's something else
when you pass an F250 and you see its
roof it recalibrates your idea of what
is large I'm going into the frunk you
can see that we have plenty of space in
here for your groceries LT bag doesn't
even start to fill it but what we also
have in here are some little bags look
at these these bags are here because
this isn't just a pickup truck but it is
also a convertible now unlike the Mazda
Miata which took us what like 3 and 1/2
seconds to get the soft top down this
one takes a little bit
longer I guess technically it is a
target top but you can come in here undo
these two handles give it a little
pushing look at that we now have a roof
panel which is a bit of plastic and it
is off now you take your roof panel put
it into the bag like so give it a little
zip up and then do that three more
times but you're not done yet now you
can go into your glove box or maybe a
little spot in the trunk and get out
your ratchet which you can use to undo
these four bolts right here which allows
us to remove this piece right
here right here right
here
right and there is nothing over top of
you Belle says it's not worth the effort
he's wrong this is sick like that looks
so bad now where exactly this goes uh I
don't really know I watched a tutorial
and they had a little spot down
underneath the seats right here but we
don't have the like molded plastic piece
where this and those nuts went so uh
there there there you go with that
incredibly simple roof removal process
done we can look at the rest of the car
first thing we have these little lights
right here they were quite an expensive
option and they do not give off a whole
lot of light you have to go into offer
menu aux auxiliary one to turn these on
it took me a long time to figure that
one out down below we have 305 tires
wrapping 18in rims they are freaking
massive and very loud coming back here
it'll take a while we can see the
charger this thing right here is on an
800 volt architecture and it is freaking
massive look from here to here is all
battery and that's because this is I
believe the largest battery in an
electric vehicle on the market it is
248 kwatt hours 212 of which you can
actually use that results in
63 km of range now that said it takes a
long long time to charge this thing it
does 350 Kow charging but when you have
that many kilowatt hours of battery man
I had this plugged in for 8 hours
yesterday on level two it did not go all
the way up to fully charged from
72% it's
insane moving around to the back you can
see that we have a 5ot bed here but that
is not all the bed comes down then right
here we have another bit and another bit
and part of the Omega package which is
part of the
$41,000 worth of options on this we get
a Bluetooth speaker this thing is from
kicker it is 100 wats it sounds kind of
[Music]
bad but it is loud wow what a hun chunk
back here we also have 120 volt a AC and
some mounting spots if you want to have
a spare tire because it does not go
underneath this for some reason another
thing that's part of our Omega package
is this absolutely incredible Neptune
blue matte finish on here as well as
like black Hummer logos and stuff it
does look sick and apparently it is very
difficult to care for now of course I
know what you have been thinking this
entire time it's so close to the ground
I could really use an extra 6 in by
putting in extract mode you can go from
10.1 in of ground clearance all the way
up to 16 this does completely ruin the
ride quality and also you're not allowed
to go more than 20 km per hour when
you're in this mode but that is a lot of
ground clearance it also has locking
front and rear differentials and it's
not
DLC hopping into the rear seat we have
loads of storage back here we've got our
cuple holders storage there some storage
right here bunch of space underneath the
seats as well as a subwoofer right here
and of course functionally infinite
Headroom sitting back here it is really
quite comfortable I have loads of space
in every single Direction
unsurprisingly and it's also quite
nicely equipped we have our rear climate
usba USBC 120 volt back here another
little storage space and overall it's is
pretty comfy hopping into the driver's
seat this is an excellent spot to be the
whole theme of this is just so well
executed and it doesn't hamper the
usability either we have just a whole
bunch of physical controls that do stuff
like your diff locks to your climate
controls to your seat controls it is all
very well done and also the infotainment
is shockingly well put together you can
go back to the main menu and it'll still
have your song over here or your
navigation if you're doing that it's all
pretty fast and they worked with epic
games to come up with these hilarious
animations anytime that you do stuff
like look at this bam truck comes out
there we have a whole bunch of drones
hell yeah truck going over the terrain
it is also completely extra in a way
that I adore you really do have to stop
thinking of this as like a vehicle and
think of it more as like an exotic car
this is much closer to like a Ferrari
than a model y because everything is
just so stupid I love it on our mode
button here you can also select your
driving mode on the right raise or lower
the ride height by pressing up and down
and select what kind of rear wheel steer
you want by pressing this button you can
either turn it on off or if you hold it
you can get into crab walk
mode well crabwalk mode allows is for
the front and rear wheels to turn in the
same direction which allows us to go
sideways into the segue to our sponsor
manscaped thanks to manscape for
sponsoring this video as a famous member
used to say I love gold and so does
manscaped and that's why their lawnmower
5.0 Ultra now comes in a luxurious new
limited edition color forged gold it has
all the great features of the regular
models such as interchangeable trimmer
and foil Blaze and a LED to shine
through all of the Shrubbery just this
time in Gold so get Royal all up in your
business with the forge gold lawnmower
5.0 Ultra at manscape.com shortcircuit
and use code circuit for 20% off and
free shipping all right we are now crab
walking and it is one of the weirdest
feelings ever we are currently going
straight but we are what like 10
pointed that way it is hilarious it is
one of the oddest feelings
ever now it isn't exactly practical I
did have a little bit of a trip in the
ionic 5 at CES that had proper actual
crab walking that allowed you to do
things like Park in little spots I tried
to use crab walking to parallel park
downtown and it went horribly people
were just looking being
like what is this guy doing and now in
terrain mode the rear steer is so
aggressive up to 10 that it feels feels
like you are just drifting around a
parking lot it is
hilarious the best thing about it is
that this is actually an incredibly
Nimble little car well an incredibly
Nimble fing massive car has a turning
radius of 11.3 M which is really quite
good for comparison the ionic 5n had a
12 1/2 M turning radius and despite this
vehicle being so freaking huge it is
notice easier to park especially when
combined with this excellent 360 camera
it is shockingly easy to put in a
parking spot even though it is massive
speaking of the cameras this is the most
complete camera in that I've ever seen
in a car there are 18 of them and you
don't just have the full 360 but you
also have underneath it like look at
that you can see both of your wheels
here front and back so if there's a
really difficult obstacle that you can
go over you can make sure that you don't
bang your de off a rock by just simply
looking at it right here enough screwing
around in the parking lot though we need
to give this thing a launch what you do
is you double tap traction control off
which brings up here watts to Freedom or
WTF mode this right here lowers the
vehicle and then when it is ready you
get to launch it with my freedom armed I
I can do my foot all the way on the
brake all the way on the gas and
holy this thing despite being over 9,000
lb has a 0 to 60 of
3.3 seconds that is accomplished with
1,000 horsepower and 12200 ftlb of
torque and oh my God this thing should
not move like it does we can just be
going here sorry
Andrew it is
manical now if you watch as we
go I really need to turn to the left
because when you floor it in this it
actively tries to put you into the ditch
it is hilarious and unlike the
acceleration in any other EV in most of
them it's like you're getting pushed
back into the seat but this thing squats
so far back that it's much more like you
getting cued by the seats as it just
flies back and the people on the ISS are
like G as your high beams blind
them man this is the first time that
I've driven with the top off this is
sick sadly though we're going to have to
put it back on because all terrain tires
no roof it's really
loud now that we have usable audio we
can talk about cornering which um it
might surprise you guys but throwing
9200 lb of machine into a corner does
not result in the best handling ever
this is the very first time that our
F-150 camera car was difficult to keep
up with in one of our cars it is so much
body roll also when you're driving
around town or at like medium speed
roads like we're going 75 right now it's
pretty okay but once you hop onto the
highway and get going 110 120 it becomes
kind of concerning pretty quick it turns
out that it's not very relaxing on the
highway if you have cars on either side
when your vehicle takes off an entire
Lane now what does help in that
situation is the fact that this does
have GM super cruise I maintain that
that is the absolute best driver
assistant because it's actually mapped
the roads and it actually is trustworthy
unlike many others where you're kind of
like I think it's doing the right thing
but overall on the highway bad time
especially when you combine that with
just how loud these allterrain tires are
it is not a super luxurious experience
speaking of which there are some
luxuries that you would expect for the
price of this car that you don't quite
get the one that I want the most is
massage seats which does feel kind of
strange to ask for but at the same time
it's expensive it is expensive one thing
that is very fortunate though is that if
you want to drown out that tire noise
you very easily can with the excellent
sound system in here play crab Rave in
here we have the 14 speaker Bose sound
system and it is pretty darn good it has
extension down to 30 htz and it is a
little bit on the warm side there's a
bit of a dip from 600 HZ to 10K but that
said it sounds really good in the driver
mode you get very good staging you have
the vocals right there in the center and
overall it just
[Music]
bumped so overall then the Hummer EV I
think this thing is
exceptional it is so ridiculous it just
makes me giggle nothing gives you more
than this nothing weighs more is faster
and do you know what also is more the
price
this one that we have here with its
$41,000 of optional accessories comes in
at
$21,000
Canadian that's a lot of money have are
you aware how much money that is that is
a lot of
money but like what else are you going
to buy a cyber truck and have your
payload just fall off with the hitch no
this right here will actually tow 1,200
lb in the 2X or this one with all of the
options and stuff only gets 7500 but
that still is quite a bit and I at least
trust it if I am honest I came into this
expecting to just dunk on this thinking
it was incredibly stupid and it is it is
the stupidest vehicle I have ever been
in but that was very clearly the goal
from the beginning and GMC has executed
it perfectly this thing is absolutely
hilarious and I love it
just like I love you hugee thanks for
watching hit like get subscribed and
have a great old day do you want to say
anything Belle I love you too